APT is a more user friendly tool
compared to APT-GET.
In all the latest WN-based distros,
APT is already installed by default.
Before we finish this session,
let's take a quick look at why APT is better
when compared to APT-GET.
To do this, let's try to install
the Firefox package
using both APT and APT-GET.
You will notice that APT is easy on the eyes.
You get just enough information,
and also a nice little progress bar.
APT-GET, although just as effective,
does not provide the output
in a user friendly format.
Let's try another comparison between the two
by searching for a Telnet package.
You will notice that with APT,
all its options are located in one place.
You can search for a command
using the APT search command.
On the other hand,
you cannot search for a package
using the APT-GET command.
Instead, you have to use another tool
called APT-CACHE with the search option.
If you compare the results
of the two commands,
you will also see that APT-CACHE
throws in a lot of extra information
in the search result,
which may not really be useful
for the end-user.
APT search, on the other hand,
provides a shorter and more often than not,
more useful results.